9/16/2025, 7:06:10 PM 425 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscode.csharp for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:10 PM 425 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscode.prompt for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:10 PM 425 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension esbenp.prettier-vscode for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:10 PM 425 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.csharp for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:10 PM 425 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.vscode-dotnet-runtime for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:10 PM 425 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-python.vscode-python-envs for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:10 PM 425 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-vscode.cmake-tools for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:10 PM 425 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-vscode.cpptools-themes for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:10 PM 425 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension PKief.material-icon-theme for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:10 PM 425 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ritwickdey.LiveServer for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:15 PM 314 DotnetVSCodeExtensionChange
true
A change was detected in the extensions. Installing .NET for new extensions.

9/16/2025, 7:06:15 PM 314 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscode.csharp for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:15 PM 314 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscode.prompt for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:15 PM 314 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ecmel.vscode-html-css for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:15 PM 314 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension esbenp.prettier-vscode for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:15 PM 314 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.csharp for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:15 PM 314 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.vscode-dotnet-runtime for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:15 PM 314 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-python.vscode-python-envs for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:15 PM 314 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-vscode.cmake-tools for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:15 PM 314 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-vscode.cpptools-themes for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:15 PM 314 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension PKief.material-icon-theme for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:15 PM 314 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ritwickdey.LiveServer for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 621 DotnetVSCodeExtensionChange
true
A change was detected in the extensions. Installing .NET for new extensions.

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscode.csharp for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscode.prompt for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ecmel.vscode-html-css for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension esbenp.prettier-vscode for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension golang.go for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.csharp for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.vscode-dotnet-runtime for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-python.vscode-python-envs for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-vscode.cmake-tools for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-vscode.cpptools-themes for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension PKief.material-icon-theme for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:21 PM 622 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ritwickdey.LiveServer for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionChange
true
A change was detected in the extensions. Installing .NET for new extensions.

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscode.csharp for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension vscode.prompt for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension DEVSENSE.composer-php-vscode for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension DEVSENSE.intelli-php-vscode for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension DEVSENSE.phptools-vscode for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension DEVSENSE.profiler-php-vscode for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ecmel.vscode-html-css for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension esbenp.prettier-vscode for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension golang.go for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.csharp for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-dotnettools.vscode-dotnet-runtime for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-python.vscode-python-envs for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-vscode.cmake-tools for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ms-vscode.cpptools-themes for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 968 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension PKief.material-icon-theme for .NET installation requests

9/16/2025, 7:06:58 PM 969 DotnetVSCodeExtensionFound
true
Checking extension ritwickdey.LiveServer for .NET installation requests
